Add documentation for notebooks image update process (#61)
opendatahub-io/notebooks: UPDATES.md

During the release lifecycle, which is the period during which the update is supported, the only updates that will be made are patches to allow for security updates and fixes while maintaining compatibility. These weekly updates will only modify the PATCH version, leaving the major and minor versions unchanged.

## Naming Convention for Notebook Images

To ensure consistency in naming of the notebook images, we are using the convention 'workbench-images:image-name-tag'. Where, the "image-name" segment should indicate the image's type/flavor, along with its OS version and Python version (e.g., jupyter-datascience-ubi8-python-3.8), and the "tag" segment should include the release name and patch version for easy identification. For clarity, we suggest using a YearIndex scheme for the release (e.g., 2023a) and incorporating the patch's date and weekly tag in the YYYYMMDD format.

> For instance, "*workbench-images:jupyter-datascience-ubi9-python-3.9-2023a-2023011*5" refers to the Jupyter Standard Data Science image based on UBI9, using Python 3.9, with a set of components as defined in release 2023a. This image is fully patched as of January 15, 2023. Additionally, "*workbench-images:jupyter-datascience-ubi9-python-3.9-2023a-weekly*" denotes the most recent version of the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, "*workbench-images:jupyter-datascience-ubi9-python-3.9-2023a-20230115*" refers to the Jupyter Standard Data Science image based on UBI9, using Python 3.9, with a set of components as defined in release 2023a. This image is fully patched as of January 15, 2023. Additionally, "*workbench-images:jupyter-datascience-ubi9-python-3.9-2023a-weekly*" denotes the most recent version of the image.
```

Author: Thanks for the observation! I added the change
